[Docs] Ability to use CNI chaining (#6061)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/clustermgmt/networking/networking-and-security.md

## Additional Cilium Features

> Many advanced features of Cilium are not yet enabled as part of EKS Anywhere, including:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some advanced features of Cilium are not enabled as part of EKS Anywhere, including:
```

> Many advanced features of Cilium are not yet enabled as part of EKS Anywhere, including:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some advanced features of Cilium are not enabled as part of EKS Anywhere, including:
```

> Many advanced features of Cilium are not yet enabled as part of EKS Anywhere, including:  

Reviewer 2: Is this the list of Open Source features that are not enabled or Enterprise features?

Author: @raykrueger The default eks-a image has a very basic set of features as illustrated on that page. That's right these are EE features. The way we are going with this is a comparison amongst what is there in the embedded version of EKS-A for Cilium vs. what is there in Isovalent Enterprise for Cilium.

@danwent

Reviewer 3: This conflicts with #6060

> * Hubble observability (https://docs.isovalent.com/operations-guide/features/network-visibility/index.html)
> * DNS-aware and HTTP-Aware Network Policy (https://docs.isovalent.com/quick-start/policy_lifecycle.html)
> * Multi-cluster Routing (https://docs.isovalent.com/operations-guide/features/cluster-mesh/index.html)
> * Transparent Encryption (https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.13/security/network/encryption/)
> * Advanced Load-balancing (https://docs.isovalent.com/operations-guide/features/cilium-standalone-gateway.html)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [Hubble observability](https://docs.isovalent.com/operations-guide/features/network-visibility/index.html)
* [DNS-aware and HTTP-Aware Network Policy](https://docs.isovalent.com/quick-start/policy_lifecycle.html)
* [Multi-cluster Routing](https://docs.isovalent.com/operations-guide/features/cluster-mesh/index.html)
* [Transparent Encryption](https://docs.cilium.io/en/v1.13/security/network/encryption/)
* [Advanced Load-balancing](https://docs.isovalent.com/operations-guide/features/cilium-standalone-gateway.html)
```
